[docs] Update dashboard docs to fix errors and add information (#65664)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/dashboards/manage-dashboards/index.md

- Rename a folder (available under the **Settings** tab)
- Assign permissions to folders (which are inherited by the dashboards in the folder)

To navigate to the dashboard folder page, click the cog that appears when you hover over a folder in the dashboard search result list or the **Manage dashboards and folders** page.

### Dashboard permissions

> You can assign permissions to a folder that are inherited by the dashboards in the folder. An Access Control List (ACL) is used where **Organization Role**, **Team** and a **User** can be assigned permissions.

Reviewer: I think this is a bit clearer:
```suggestion
You can assign permissions to a folder, and those permissions are inherited by the dashboards in that folder. An Access Control List (ACL) is used where **Organization Role**, **Team** and a **User** can be assigned permissions.
```

For more information about dashboard permissions, refer to [Dashboard permissions]({{< relref "../../administration/roles-and-permissions/#dashboard-permissions" >}}).

## Export and import dashboards

> You can use the Grafana UI or the [HTTP API]({{< relref "../../developers/http_api/dashboard/#create-update-dashboard" >}}) to export and import dashboards. Grafana dashboards can also be [managed as code[(https://grafana.com/blog/2022/12/06/a-complete-guide-to-managing-grafana-as-code-tools-tips-and-tricks/), using tools such as Terraform.

Reviewer 2: Note that there is a syntax error in the link (`[` --> `]`).

### Export a dashboard

> The dashboard export action creates a Grafana JSON file that contains everything within the dashboard including layout, variables, styles, data sources, queries, etc. which can be used to import the dashboard.

Reviewer: Your edit on the last part of the sentence changes the subject of that clause. Instead of all of those things being included in the the JSON file that you can now import if you want to, you've got all these individual elements that can be used to import the dashboard, which isn't really what we mean. Recommend leaving that last chunk as is but using different punctuation (dashes): 
```suggestion
The dashboard export action creates a Grafana JSON file that contains everything within the dashboard—including layout, variables, styles, data sources, queries, and so on—so that you can later import the dashboard.
```

This section provides information to help you solve common dashboard problems.

### Dashboard is slow to render or load

- Are you trying to render dozens (or hundreds or thousands) of time-series on a graph? This can cause the browser to lag. Try using functions like `highestMax` (in Graphite) to reduce the returned series.
- Sometimes the series names can be very large. This causes larger response sizes. Try using `alias` to reduce the size of the returned series names.
- Are you querying many time-series data or requesting a long range of time for the results? Both of these conditions can cause Grafana or your data source to pull in a lot of data, which may slow it down.

> - Network quality and congestion, as well as CPU and memory contention for the Grafana or data sources instances can also result in slowness or inconsistent behavior.

Reviewer: Just wondering if "data sources" here is meant to be plural or possessive?
```suggestion
- Network quality and congestion, as well as CPU and memory contention for the Grafana or data sources instances can also result in slowness or inconsistent behavior.
```
